README.md, before:

<div align = center>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/AYbJ9MJez7">
<img alt="Dynamic JSON Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscordapp.com%2Fapi%2Finvites%2FmT5YqjaJFh%3Fwith_counts%3Dtrue&query=%24.approximate_member_count&suffix=%20members&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoSize=auto&label=The%20HyDe%20Project&labelColor=ebbcba&color=c79bf0">
    </a>
</div>
<div align = center><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prasanthrangan/hyprdots/main/Source/assets/hyde_banner.png"><br></div>

# Theme Gallery

<!-- TABLE_START -->
| Theme | Description | Author |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Code Garden](https://placehold.co/180x50/000000/FFFFFF?text=Code+Garden&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jacobfranco/Code-Garden) | A sleek and transparent, color-agnostic theme. | [jacobfranco](https://github.com/jacobfranco) |
| [![Vanta Black](https://placehold.co/180x50/000000/FFFFFF?text=Vanta+Black&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Vanta-Black) | Vanta Black inspired theme having the deepest blacks | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Bad Blood](https://placehold.co/180x50/030000/DF1010?text=Bad+Blood&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Bad-Blood) | Red & Black based theme. | [HyDE-Project](https://github.com/HyDE-Project) |
| [![Obsidian-Purple](https://placehold.co/180x50/07040C/BDA8DC?text=Obsidian-Purple&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/amit-0i/Obsidian-Purple) | Where mystery meets elegance. | [amit-0i](https://github.com/amit-0i) |
| [![Greenify](https://placehold.co/180x50/0e120f/295233?text=Greenify&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Greenify) | Dark Green based theme for Hyde | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Another World](https://placehold.co/180x50/11111B/6AA9C9?text=Another+World&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1/Another-World) | Step beyond the horizon, where reality fades and imagination reigns supreme. | [cyb3rgh0u1](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1) |
| [![Hack the Box](https://placehold.co/180x50/061234/50AA09?text=Hack+the+Box&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Hack-the-Box) | Hacker based theme | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Oxo Carbon](https://placehold.co/180x50/161616/EE5396?text=Oxo+Carbon&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Oxo-Carbon) | Oxo Carbon based theme for Hyde | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Decay Green](https://placehold.co/180x50/14161E/95D3AF?text=Decay+Green&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Decay-Green) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Abyssal-Wave](https://placehold.co/180x50/16161D/C8C093?text=Abyssal-Wave&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari/Abyssal-Wave) | Dive into the deep, where elegance meets the infinite night. | [Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari) |
| [![Ever Blushing](https://placehold.co/180x50/141b1e/67b0e8?text=Ever+Blushing&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Ever-Blushing) | Ever-Blush inspired dark aesthetic minimal theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Nightbrew](https://placehold.co/180x50/1A1B26/A9B1D6?text=Nightbrew&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jackpawlik1/Nightbrew) | A rich, dark theme crafted for late-night productivity and sleek aesthetics. | [jackpawlik1](https://github.com/jackpawlik1) |
| [![DoomBringers](https://placehold.co/180x50/351810/FABD2F?text=DoomBringers&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/xaicat/DoomBringers) | When shadows catch fire, sharp edges leave their mark. | [xaicat](https://github.com/xaicat) |
| [![Crimson Blade](https://placehold.co/180x50/082451/D32D6B?text=Crimson+Blade&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1/Crimson-Blade) | A striking fusion of sharp elegance, cutting through the darkness with bold hues. | [cyb3rgh0u1](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1) |
| [![One Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/1E212B/5B6B76?text=One+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/RAprogramm/HyDe-Themes/tree/One-Dark) | One Dark based theme | [RAprogramm](https://github.com/RAprogramm) |
| [![Graphite Mono](https://placehold.co/180x50/222222/D9D9D9?text=Graphite+Mono&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Graphite-Mono) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Rain Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/1E2233/822195?text=Rain+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Rain-Dark) | Cozy new Rain based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Pixel Dream](https://placehold.co/180x50/282828/EBDDB2?text=Pixel+Dream&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Pixel-Dream) | Pixel Art inspired theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Monokai](https://placehold.co/180x50/2d2a2e/f92672?text=Monokai&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Monokai) | Monokai based theme for Hyde | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Dracula](https://placehold.co/180x50/2B2E3B/607988?text=Dracula&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/RAprogramm/HyDe-Themes/tree/Dracula) | Dracula based theme | [RAprogramm](https://github.com/RAprogramm) |
| [![Eternal Arctic](https://placehold.co/180x50/2E3440/88C0D0?text=Eternal+Arctic&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Eternal-Arctic) | Serene Nord-inspired theme having frosty aesthetic blues | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Solarized Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/044655/259E9C?text=Solarized+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Solarized-Dark) | Solarized Dark based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Gruvbox Retro](https://placehold.co/180x50/353842/ADAE89?text=Gruvbox+Retro&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Gruvbox-Retro) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![AbyssGreen](https://placehold.co/180x50/373C3F/83B38E?text=AbyssGreen&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari/AbyssGreen) | AbyssGreen is a theme based on the Everforst color scheme | [Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari) |
| [![BlueSky](https://placehold.co/180x50/294052/AACBF0?text=BlueSky&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/richen604/BlueSky) | A serene theme inspired by bright cloudy skies | [richen604](https://github.com/richen604) |
| [![Monterey Frost](https://placehold.co/180x50/3B4252/D8DEE9?text=Monterey+Frost&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Monterey-Frost) | Mac-OS inspired dark theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Moonlight](https://placehold.co/180x50/403C64/40FFFF?text=Moonlight&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Maroc02/Moonlight) | Moonlight inspired cozy theme | [Maroc02](https://github.com/Maroc02) |
| [![Paranoid Sweet](https://placehold.co/180x50/821595/51ABAB?text=Paranoid+Sweet&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Paranoid-Sweet) | Dark purple based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Sci-fi](https://placehold.co/180x50/0D55B2/249CB6?text=Sci-fi&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/KaranRaval123/Sci-fi) | Sci-fi based theme | [KaranRaval123](https://github.com/KaranRaval123) |
| [![Scarlet Night](https://placehold.co/180x50/FF0000/0A0A0A?text=Scarlet+Night&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/abenezerw/Scarlet-Night) | Hot-Red + Deep-Black | [abenezerw](https://github.com/abenezerw) |
| [![Cosmic Blue](https://placehold.co/180x50/444B6A/7AA2F7?text=Cosmic+Blue&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Maroc02/Cosmic-Blue) | Galaxy inspired relaxed theme | [Maroc02](https://github.com/Maroc02) |
| [![Synth Wave](https://placehold.co/180x50/495495/ff7edb?text=Synth+Wave&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Synth-Wave) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Red Stone](https://placehold.co/180x50/7E5655/C94342?text=Red+Stone&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Red_Stone) | Hot Red based theme | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Virtual-Witches](https://placehold.co/180x50/626880/C6D0F5?text=Virtual-Witches&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/luqvic/Virtual-Witches) | HyDE theme based on Catppuccin Frappe and Virtual Witch Phenomenon | [luqvic](https://github.com/luqvic) |
| [![Windows 11](https://placehold.co/180x50/277AE6/D2DCFD?text=Windows+11&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Windows-11) | We love Windows! Wew | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Amethyst Aura](https://placehold.co/180x50/5D69CE/A45785?text=Amethyst+Aura&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jackpawlik1/Amethyst-Aura) | A vibrant purple-themed style with ethereal accents | [jackpawlik1](https://github.com/jackpawlik1) |
| [![Mac OS](https://placehold.co/180x50/857990/B9D7EA?text=Mac+OS&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Mac-Os) | Official Theme | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Ice Age](https://placehold.co/180x50/00c1e4cc/0E2840B3?text=Ice+Age&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/saber-88/Ice-Age) | Winter based Ice Age theme for Hyde | [saber-88](https://github.com/saber-88) |
| [![Nordic Blue](https://placehold.co/180x50/7B98B8/CAD7E1?text=Nordic+Blue&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Nordic-Blue) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Catppuccin Latte](https://placehold.co/180x50/dd7878/eff1f5?text=Catppuccin+Latte&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Catppuccin-Latte) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Tokyo Night](https://placehold.co/180x50/7aa2f7/24283b?text=Tokyo+Night&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Tokyo-Night) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Rosé Pine](https://placehold.co/180x50/c4a7e7/191724?text=Rosé+Pine&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Rose-Pine) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Green Lush](https://placehold.co/180x50/89E574/153550?text=Green+Lush&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/abenezerw/Green-Lush) | A ghibli based theme for Hyde | [abenezerw](https://github.com/abenezerw) |
| [![Frosted Glass](https://placehold.co/180x50/7ed6ff/1e4c84?text=Frosted+Glass&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Frosted-Glass) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Catppuccin Mocha](https://placehold.co/180x50/b4befe/11111b?text=Catppuccin+Mocha&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Catppuccin-Mocha) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Edge Runner](https://placehold.co/180x50/fada16/000000?text=Edge+Runner&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Edge-Runner) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Material Sakura](https://placehold.co/180x50/f2e9e1/b4637a?text=Material+Sakura&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Material-Sakura) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Cat Latte](https://placehold.co/180x50/EFF1F5/DD7878?text=Cat+Latte&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Cat-Latte) | Better Catppuccin-Latte that fixes the inconsistencies of the official theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |

<!-- TABLE_END -->

\*All theme tags are linked to their corresponding repositories.

\*For more information, visit [prasanthrangan/hyde-themes](https://github.com/prasanthrangan/hyde-themes).

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - Make sure you have installed [HyDE](https://github.com/prasanthrangan/hyprdots)
> - And also [hydectl](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hydectl)

```shell

> + Execute `hydectl theme import` inside your terminal

> + Choose your theme
```

![image](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/blob/43e6cce54698f24842ae2fbb7b80e79556a21e02/assets/HydeThemes.png)

## Additional

> [!TIP]
>
> - You can also add Url-links or File path with single quotations ' ' for installing a specific theme

```shell
hydectl theme import --name "Theme-Name" --url "/Path/to/Configs"
hydectl theme import --name "Theme Name" --url https://github.com/User/Repository
hydectl theme import --name "Theme-Name" --url "https://github.com/User/Repository/tree/branch"
```


example

```
hydectl theme import --name 'Hack the Box' --url 'https://github.com/HyDE-Project/Hyde-gallery'
```

> [!NOTE]
> Incase themes have archive updates. export `FORCE_THEME_UPDATE=true` to update Gtk, Icons, Cursors & Font.

```shell
 export FORCE_THEME_UPDATE=true
```

# TODO

- [x] Add a metadata so that this repo can be fetched using the themepatcher.(With preview)
- [x] I am not planning to maintain all themes(Will try to use the original repo as source)
- [x] Make this repo pretty
- [x] Make a script to generate the README
- [ ] Whatever comes to mind

## Contributions for additional themes

- You can make your own themes and add them to our collection
  1. Share your theme to our collection by adding an entry at the [hyde-themes.json](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/blob/hyde-gallery/hyde-themes.json) file.
  2. Create a directory with the "Theme Name" then add preview image. Please lessen the compression by using jpg and service such as [this](https://www.iloveimg.com/compress-image).
  3. Genenerating the README.md by running the `python generate_readme.py` script.
- Remember to also add a preview by making a theme directory and one preview image inside it.

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/A0A3TECUZ)

Commit message:

feat: add 'Piece Of Mind' theme

README.md, after:

<div align = center>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/AYbJ9MJez7">
<img alt="Dynamic JSON Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdiscordapp.com%2Fapi%2Finvites%2FmT5YqjaJFh%3Fwith_counts%3Dtrue&query=%24.approximate_member_count&suffix=%20members&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoSize=auto&label=The%20HyDe%20Project&labelColor=ebbcba&color=c79bf0">
    </a>
</div>
<div align = center><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/prasanthrangan/hyprdots/main/Source/assets/hyde_banner.png"><br></div>

# Theme Gallery

<!-- TABLE_START -->
| Theme | Description | Author |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [![Code Garden](https://placehold.co/180x50/000000/FFFFFF?text=Code+Garden&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jacobfranco/Code-Garden) | A sleek and transparent, color-agnostic theme. | [jacobfranco](https://github.com/jacobfranco) |
| [![Vanta Black](https://placehold.co/180x50/000000/FFFFFF?text=Vanta+Black&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Vanta-Black) | Vanta Black inspired theme having the deepest blacks | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Bad Blood](https://placehold.co/180x50/030000/DF1010?text=Bad+Blood&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Bad-Blood) | Red & Black based theme. | [HyDE-Project](https://github.com/HyDE-Project) |
| [![Obsidian-Purple](https://placehold.co/180x50/07040C/BDA8DC?text=Obsidian-Purple&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/amit-0i/Obsidian-Purple) | Where mystery meets elegance. | [amit-0i](https://github.com/amit-0i) |
| [![Greenify](https://placehold.co/180x50/0e120f/295233?text=Greenify&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Greenify) | Dark Green based theme for Hyde | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Another World](https://placehold.co/180x50/11111B/6AA9C9?text=Another+World&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1/Another-World) | Step beyond the horizon, where reality fades and imagination reigns supreme. | [cyb3rgh0u1](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1) |
| [![Hack the Box](https://placehold.co/180x50/061234/50AA09?text=Hack+the+Box&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Hack-the-Box) | Hacker based theme | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Oxo Carbon](https://placehold.co/180x50/161616/EE5396?text=Oxo+Carbon&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Oxo-Carbon) | Oxo Carbon based theme for Hyde | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Decay Green](https://placehold.co/180x50/14161E/95D3AF?text=Decay+Green&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Decay-Green) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Abyssal-Wave](https://placehold.co/180x50/16161D/C8C093?text=Abyssal-Wave&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari/Abyssal-Wave) | Dive into the deep, where elegance meets the infinite night. | [Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari) |
| [![Ever Blushing](https://placehold.co/180x50/141b1e/67b0e8?text=Ever+Blushing&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Ever-Blushing) | Ever-Blush inspired dark aesthetic minimal theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Nightbrew](https://placehold.co/180x50/1A1B26/A9B1D6?text=Nightbrew&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jackpawlik1/Nightbrew) | A rich, dark theme crafted for late-night productivity and sleek aesthetics. | [jackpawlik1](https://github.com/jackpawlik1) |
| [![DoomBringers](https://placehold.co/180x50/351810/FABD2F?text=DoomBringers&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/xaicat/DoomBringers) | When shadows catch fire, sharp edges leave their mark. | [xaicat](https://github.com/xaicat) |
| [![Piece Of Mind](https://placehold.co/180x50/1F1F28/E6C384?text=Piece+Of+Mind&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Maroc02/Piece-Of-Mind) | Finally, some peace of mind... | [Maroc02](https://github.com/Maroc02) |
| [![Crimson Blade](https://placehold.co/180x50/082451/D32D6B?text=Crimson+Blade&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1/Crimson-Blade) | A striking fusion of sharp elegance, cutting through the darkness with bold hues. | [cyb3rgh0u1](https://github.com/cyb3rgh0u1) |
| [![One Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/1E212B/5B6B76?text=One+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/RAprogramm/HyDe-Themes/tree/One-Dark) | One Dark based theme | [RAprogramm](https://github.com/RAprogramm) |
| [![Graphite Mono](https://placehold.co/180x50/222222/D9D9D9?text=Graphite+Mono&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Graphite-Mono) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Rain Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/1E2233/822195?text=Rain+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Rain-Dark) | Cozy new Rain based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Pixel Dream](https://placehold.co/180x50/282828/EBDDB2?text=Pixel+Dream&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Pixel-Dream) | Pixel Art inspired theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Monokai](https://placehold.co/180x50/2d2a2e/f92672?text=Monokai&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Monokai) | Monokai based theme for Hyde | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Dracula](https://placehold.co/180x50/2B2E3B/607988?text=Dracula&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/RAprogramm/HyDe-Themes/tree/Dracula) | Dracula based theme | [RAprogramm](https://github.com/RAprogramm) |
| [![Eternal Arctic](https://placehold.co/180x50/2E3440/88C0D0?text=Eternal+Arctic&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Eternal-Arctic) | Serene Nord-inspired theme having frosty aesthetic blues | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Solarized Dark](https://placehold.co/180x50/044655/259E9C?text=Solarized+Dark&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Solarized-Dark) | Solarized Dark based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Gruvbox Retro](https://placehold.co/180x50/353842/ADAE89?text=Gruvbox+Retro&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Gruvbox-Retro) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![AbyssGreen](https://placehold.co/180x50/373C3F/83B38E?text=AbyssGreen&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari/AbyssGreen) | AbyssGreen is a theme based on the Everforst color scheme | [Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari](https://github.com/Itz-Abhishek-Tiwari) |
| [![BlueSky](https://placehold.co/180x50/294052/AACBF0?text=BlueSky&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/richen604/BlueSky) | A serene theme inspired by bright cloudy skies | [richen604](https://github.com/richen604) |
| [![Monterey Frost](https://placehold.co/180x50/3B4252/D8DEE9?text=Monterey+Frost&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Monterey-Frost) | Mac-OS inspired dark theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Moonlight](https://placehold.co/180x50/403C64/40FFFF?text=Moonlight&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Maroc02/Moonlight) | Moonlight inspired cozy theme | [Maroc02](https://github.com/Maroc02) |
| [![Paranoid Sweet](https://placehold.co/180x50/821595/51ABAB?text=Paranoid+Sweet&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Paranoid-Sweet) | Dark purple based theme for HyDE | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |
| [![Sci-fi](https://placehold.co/180x50/0D55B2/249CB6?text=Sci-fi&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/KaranRaval123/Sci-fi) | Sci-fi based theme | [KaranRaval123](https://github.com/KaranRaval123) |
| [![Scarlet Night](https://placehold.co/180x50/FF0000/0A0A0A?text=Scarlet+Night&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/abenezerw/Scarlet-Night) | Hot-Red + Deep-Black | [abenezerw](https://github.com/abenezerw) |
| [![Cosmic Blue](https://placehold.co/180x50/444B6A/7AA2F7?text=Cosmic+Blue&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/Maroc02/Cosmic-Blue) | Galaxy inspired relaxed theme | [Maroc02](https://github.com/Maroc02) |
| [![Synth Wave](https://placehold.co/180x50/495495/ff7edb?text=Synth+Wave&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Synth-Wave) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Red Stone](https://placehold.co/180x50/7E5655/C94342?text=Red+Stone&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar/Theme-Gallery/tree/Red_Stone) | Hot Red based theme | [mahaveergurjar](https://github.com/mahaveergurjar) |
| [![Virtual-Witches](https://placehold.co/180x50/626880/C6D0F5?text=Virtual-Witches&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/luqvic/Virtual-Witches) | HyDE theme based on Catppuccin Frappe and Virtual Witch Phenomenon | [luqvic](https://github.com/luqvic) |
| [![Windows 11](https://placehold.co/180x50/277AE6/D2DCFD?text=Windows+11&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Windows-11) | We love Windows! Wew | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Amethyst Aura](https://placehold.co/180x50/5D69CE/A45785?text=Amethyst+Aura&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/jackpawlik1/Amethyst-Aura) | A vibrant purple-themed style with ethereal accents | [jackpawlik1](https://github.com/jackpawlik1) |
| [![Mac OS](https://placehold.co/180x50/857990/B9D7EA?text=Mac+OS&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/tree/Mac-Os) | Official Theme | [T-Crypt](https://github.com/T-Crypt) |
| [![Ice Age](https://placehold.co/180x50/00c1e4cc/0E2840B3?text=Ice+Age&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/saber-88/Ice-Age) | Winter based Ice Age theme for Hyde | [saber-88](https://github.com/saber-88) |
| [![Nordic Blue](https://placehold.co/180x50/7B98B8/CAD7E1?text=Nordic+Blue&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Nordic-Blue) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Catppuccin Latte](https://placehold.co/180x50/dd7878/eff1f5?text=Catppuccin+Latte&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Catppuccin-Latte) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Tokyo Night](https://placehold.co/180x50/7aa2f7/24283b?text=Tokyo+Night&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Tokyo-Night) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Rosé Pine](https://placehold.co/180x50/c4a7e7/191724?text=Rosé+Pine&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Rose-Pine) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Green Lush](https://placehold.co/180x50/89E574/153550?text=Green+Lush&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/abenezerw/Green-Lush) | A ghibli based theme for Hyde | [abenezerw](https://github.com/abenezerw) |
| [![Frosted Glass](https://placehold.co/180x50/7ed6ff/1e4c84?text=Frosted+Glass&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Frosted-Glass) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Catppuccin Mocha](https://placehold.co/180x50/b4befe/11111b?text=Catppuccin+Mocha&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Catppuccin-Mocha) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Edge Runner](https://placehold.co/180x50/fada16/000000?text=Edge+Runner&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Edge-Runner) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Material Sakura](https://placehold.co/180x50/f2e9e1/b4637a?text=Material+Sakura&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-themes/tree/Material-Sakura) | Official Theme | [prasanthrangan](https://github.com/prasanthrangan) |
| [![Cat Latte](https://placehold.co/180x50/EFF1F5/DD7878?text=Cat+Latte&font=Oswald)](https://github.com/rishav12s/Cat-Latte) | Better Catppuccin-Latte that fixes the inconsistencies of the official theme | [rishav12s](https://github.com/rishav12s) |

<!-- TABLE_END -->

\*All theme tags are linked to their corresponding repositories.

\*For more information, visit [prasanthrangan/hyde-themes](https://github.com/prasanthrangan/hyde-themes).

## Usage

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> - Make sure you have installed [HyDE](https://github.com/prasanthrangan/hyprdots)
> - And also [hydectl](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hydectl)

```shell

> + Execute `hydectl theme import` inside your terminal

> + Choose your theme
```

![image](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/blob/43e6cce54698f24842ae2fbb7b80e79556a21e02/assets/HydeThemes.png)

## Additional

> [!TIP]
>
> - You can also add Url-links or File path with single quotations ' ' for installing a specific theme

```shell
hydectl theme import --name "Theme-Name" --url "/Path/to/Configs"
hydectl theme import --name "Theme Name" --url https://github.com/User/Repository
hydectl theme import --name "Theme-Name" --url "https://github.com/User/Repository/tree/branch"
```


example

```
hydectl theme import --name 'Hack the Box' --url 'https://github.com/HyDE-Project/Hyde-gallery'
```

> [!NOTE]
> Incase themes have archive updates. export `FORCE_THEME_UPDATE=true` to update Gtk, Icons, Cursors & Font.

```shell
 export FORCE_THEME_UPDATE=true
```

# TODO

- [x] Add a metadata so that this repo can be fetched using the themepatcher.(With preview)
- [x] I am not planning to maintain all themes(Will try to use the original repo as source)
- [x] Make this repo pretty
- [x] Make a script to generate the README
- [ ] Whatever comes to mind

## Contributions for additional themes

- You can make your own themes and add them to our collection
  1. Share your theme to our collection by adding an entry at the [hyde-themes.json](https://github.com/HyDE-Project/hyde-gallery/blob/hyde-gallery/hyde-themes.json) file.
  2. Create a directory with the "Theme Name" then add preview image. Please lessen the compression by using jpg and service such as [this](https://www.iloveimg.com/compress-image).
  3. Genenerating the README.md by running the `python generate_readme.py` script.
- Remember to also add a preview by making a theme directory and one preview image inside it.

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/A0A3TECUZ)
